feat: add `infra` label (#1432)
python/devguide: triage/labels.rst

* :gh-label:`stale`: for issues/PRs that have been inactive for a while.
* :gh-label:`sprint`: for easier filtering of issues/PRs being worked on
  during official sprints.
* :gh-label:`infra`: for issues related to the infrastructure of the

>   project (e.g., GitHub Actions, dependabot, the buildbots, etc.).

Reviewer: Let's avoid Latin: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language

```suggestion
  project (for example, GitHub Actions, dependabot, the buildbots).
```

And the list is mostly alphabetical, shall we sort it?

Author: [a9cd738](https://github.com/python/devguide/pull/1432/commits/a9cd738cde85809235c3e2e0de5197de4816cf26)
